ANSI 301-2022: Fraction Duct Area (#709)
NREL/OpenStudio-ERI: docs/source/workflow_inputs.rst

         See the `Building America Solution Center <https://basc.pnnl.gov/resource-guides/ducts-buried-attic-insulation>`_ for more information.
  .. [#] DuctLocation choices are "conditioned space", "basement - conditioned", "basement - unconditioned", "crawlspace - unvented", "crawlspace - vented", "attic - unvented", "attic - vented", "garage", "outside", "exterior wall", "under slab", "roof deck", "other housing unit", "other heated space", "other multifamily buffer space", or "other non-freezing space".
         See :ref:`hpxmllocations` for descriptions.
  .. [#] The sum of all FractionDuctArea must each equal to 1, both for the supply side and return side.
  .. [#] If both are provided, DuctSurfaceArea will be used in the model.

>   .. [#] Duct surface areas will be calculated based on BSR/RESNET/ICC 301-2022 Table 4.2.2(1) footnote z. aa.:

Reviewer: Rather than pointing to the draft document, let's reference the (pending) ANSI standard instead. And since table numbers and footnotes could change, let's just leave that out.

```suggestion
  .. [#] Duct surface areas will be calculated based on ANSI/RESNET/ICC 301-2022:
```

         \- **Supply duct area**: 0.27 * ConditionedFloorAreaServed

         \- **Return duct area**: (if Number of Returns < 6, 0.05 * Number of Returns, 0.25 otherwise) * ConditionedFloorAreaServed

>          If FractionDuctArea is provided, each duct surface area will be FractionDuctArea times total duct area, which is calculated using the sum of primary and secondary duct areas from the equations above.

Reviewer: Fix references to "primary" and "secondary" here.

         See the `Building America Solution Center <https://basc.pnnl.gov/resource-guides/ducts-buried-attic-insulation>`_ for more information.
  .. [#] DuctLocation choices are "conditioned space", "basement - conditioned", "basement - unconditioned", "crawlspace - unvented", "crawlspace - vented", "attic - unvented", "attic - vented", "garage", "outside", "exterior wall", "under slab", "roof deck", "other housing unit", "other heated space", "other multifamily buffer space", or "other non-freezing space".
         See :ref:`hpxmllocations` for descriptions.

>   .. [#] The sum of all FractionDuctArea must each equal to 1, both for the supply side and return side.

Reviewer: I don't see that this is being enforced in your code. You'll want to copy the asserts from HPXMLvalidator.xml that check for this. In fact, I think your new test case in test_hvac.rb breaks this rule?

>   .. [#] FractionDuctArea or DuctSurfaceArea are required if DuctLocation is provided. If both are provided, DuctSurfaceArea will be used in the model.

Reviewer: "FractionDuctArea or DuctSurfaceArea are required if DuctLocation is provided."

You can't simply copy what is in OS-HPXML, OS-ERI can be different. In this case, as shown in the table above, DuctLocation is required. So you should remove this and change the table to Required=Yes.

Author: Do we want to allow the user to provide both inputs?

Reviewer: Probably we should. There may be software tools already writing both elements (e.g., if they get user inputs as fractions, convert to areas, and write both values to the HPXML) and we don't want to cause a breaking change for them.

Author: Got it. Then I guess we should keep the second note that reads "If both are provided, DuctSurfaceArea will be used in the model."

>   .. [#] If neither DuctSurfaceArea nor FractionDuctArea provided, duct surface areas will be calculated based on `ASHRAE Standard 152 <https://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/downloads/ashrae-standard-152-spreadsheet>`_:

Reviewer: One of the two inputs is required, so this footnote is largely irrelevant. That said, it's still a good idea to describe how we calculate the supply/return duct area from the fractions when fractions are provided, but it should be much simpler than what is below (just reference the simple equations from ANSI 301).
